README.md, before:

# My Master Thesis

This is the repository I use to work on my thesis for the M.Sc. in Computer
Science at Østfold University College.

It contains my documentation, my working files, as well as any code that is
required for my work.

## Short intro to the thesis

The tentative title of my thesis is "Evolving entertaining game adversaries
using ADATE" which probably tells you very little. In more descriptive terms the
aim of the thesis to use artificial evolution to create the artificial
intelligence for a game's opponents, with the aim of creating a more
entertaining game. This will be accomplished using a system for doing such
artificial evolution named ADATE, created by one of my supervisors,
Dr. J. Roland Olsson.

The hypothesis I'm working from is that variation in game adversaries would
create a more entertaining game than if all the adversaries behaved in a similar
way, and that using artificial evolution makes it easy to create diverse AI for
opponents that fulfill the criteria set for them, in this case entertainment
value.

## The code and documentation

The code for the testbed (a simple game) is Python using Pygame, the
specifications for ADATE will be written in SML/ADATE-ML, the reports are
written in LaTeX.

Commit message:

Updated Readme to include focus statement

README.md, after:

# My Master Thesis

This is the repository I use to work on my thesis for the M.Sc. in Computer
Science at Østfold University College.

It contains my documentation, my working files, as well as any code that is
required for my work.

## Short intro to the thesis

The tentative title of my thesis is "Evolving Entertaining NPCs" which probably
tells you very little. In more descriptive terms, the aim of the thesis is to
see whether artificial evolution can be used to create artificial intelligence
for a game's opponents, with the aim of creating a more entertaining game. This
will be accomplished using a system for doing such artificial evolution named
ADATE, created by one of my supervisors, Dr. J. Roland Olsson.

The hypothesis I'm working from is that variation in game adversaries would
create a more entertaining game than if all the adversaries behaved in a similar
way, and that using artificial evolution makes it easy to create diverse AI for
opponents that fulfill the criteria set for them, in this case entertainment
value.

## Focus Statement

The specific focus of the thesis is to investigate if the use of inductive
programming (via ADATE) can generate NPC AI that is interesting and diverse, and
as such entertaining. To this end we base our experiments off Yannakakis thesis
which utilized evolution on ANN.

## The code and documentation

The code for the testbed (a simple game) is Python using Pygame, the
specifications for ADATE will be written in SML/ADATE-ML, the reports are
written in LaTeX.
